Nancy ps demo page (#5503)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics/demo/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'
title: 'Topics API demos'
subhead: >
  Try out the Topics API demos. 
description: >
  Try out the Topics API demos.
date: 2022-01-25
updated: 2022-02-01
authors:
  - samdutton
---

The Topics API demo provides a look at how topics are inferred from hostnames. You can preview what topics are observed when you visit a demo site, which requires very little setup.

> If you want to test the API with your users, sign up for the [Relevance and Measurement origin trial](LINK).

Reviewer: Don't forget to update with the link: `/docs/privacy-sandbox/unified-origin-trial/`

Our demo is a preview  that demonstrates most features of the Topics API, for you to gain familiarity with how the API is implemented.

> 
> The demo of the Topics API  is at [topics-demo.glitch.me](https://topics-demo.glitch.me/).
> This explains how to try out and debug the API for a single user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Since there are two demos, which are both linked below, let's skip introducing it in the introduction.

> You can also run the Topics [colab](#colab) to try out the Topics [classifier model](#classifier-model).

Author: Yes I am working on resolving all the moved links

The following video shows how the demo works.

{% YouTube
  id='hEBzWuXjeTQ'
%}

## Test with chrome://flags or feature flags

There are two ways to try the Topics API as a single user; you'll need to be running Chrome 101 or above:

- Enable the API in the `chrome://flags/#privacy-sandbox-ads-apis` Chrome page:

    <figure>

    {% Img src="image/RtQlPaM9wdhEJGVKR8boMPkWf443/4kpW1PAuzrMrecSAR3tU.png", alt="Enable the Topics API using the chrome://flags/#privacy-sandbox-ads-apis page", width="800", height="246" %}
          <figcaption>Enable the Topics API using the chrome://flags/#privacy-sandbox-ads-apis page</figcaption>
    </figure>

> [View a larger version](https://wd.imgix.net/image/RtQlPaM9wdhEJGVKR8boMPkWf443/4kpW1PAuzrMrecSAR3tU.png?auto=format&w=1600)

Author: done

The screenshot below shows the topics recorded from visiting the sites on the API demo page. 

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/RtQlPaM9wdhEJGVKR8boMPkWf443/7GjvLNY86mBzeXPERRam.png", alt="Topics API demo page on glitch.me", width="656", height="566" %}
  <figcaption>Topics API demo page on glitch.me</figcaption>
</figure>

[View a larger version](https://wd.imgix.net/image/RtQlPaM9wdhEJGVKR8boMPkWf443/7GjvLNY86mBzeXPERRam.png?auto=format&w=1600)

This list shows the sites you can visit from the demo to record topics of interest. As you can see, the Arts & Entertainment/Humor category in the screenshot is not the topic of one of these websites, so this recorded topic is one that was added as the possible 5 percent random topics.

- pets-animals-pets-cats.glitch.me
- cats-cats-cats-cats.glitch.me
- cats-pets-animals-pets.glitch.me
- cats-feline-meow-purr-whiskers-pet.glitch.

> You can check to see which topics are real and which are random on the Topics State tab of the `chrome://topics-internals` page. This screen shot shows an example from different browsing sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check to see which topics are real and which are random on the Topics State tab of the `chrome://topics-internals` page. This screenshot shows an example from different browsing sessions.
```

Screenshot should not have a space, and that should always be consistent.

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/RtQlPaM9wdhEJGVKR8boMPkWf443/Ef9ml82uPg3RdX5PX5QU.png", alt="ALT_TEXT_HERE", width="474", height="416" %}
  <figcaption>Topics State tab showing real and random topics</figcaption>
</figure>

[View a larger version](https://wd.imgix.net/image/RtQlPaM9wdhEJGVKR8boMPkWf443/Ef9ml82uPg3RdX5PX5QU.png?auto=format&w=1600)

## Next steps

> If you’re an ad tech developer, [experiment and participate](/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics-experiment/) with the Topics API. Read the [developer guide](/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics/) for more in-depth resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're an ad tech developer, [experiment and participate](/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics-experiment/) with the Topics API. Read the [developer guide](/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics/) for more in-depth resources.
```
